Engine optimization PR guidelines (#7)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: engine/guidelines/optimization.rst

Benefits
~~~~~~~~

Is the optimization worth doing in this case?

- How often is this code called?
- How much of a bottleneck is it to overall performance?
- Does profiling show it to be a bottleneck?

Costs
~~~~~

What are the downsides?

- Code complexity
- Code readability
- Maintenance burden
- Constraining future changes
- Risk of regressions

Optimization process
--------------------

Once you have decided what you should optimize. You should start by capturing a
baseline profile in your profiler of choice. Ensure you are running Godot's
latest master branch and that you use an optimized build of Godot, since many
things that appear to run slow end up disappearing with optimizations enabled.

By default Godot builds with optimizations enabled. See `the Godot build docs
<https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/engine_details/development/compiling/introduction_to_the_buildsystem.html#optimization-level>`_
for more information about build optimization settings.

In some cases using a synthetic benchmark is also acceptable, but remember that
Godot is a game engine. The golden standard is to test the performance of real

> games. Benchmarks can be helpful, but they can also be misleading as the
> performance of an algorithm given synthetic data may be different than the same
> algorithm running on real world data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
games. Benchmarks can be helpful, but they can also be misleading because
it is very difficult to create benchmarks that reflect how performant the code will be in
an actual game.
```
